README.md, before:

[![progress-banner](https://backend.codecrafters.io/progress/kafka/e2a5f6bf-3345-4c95-840b-2161d08e62a2)](https://app.codecrafters.io/users/codecrafters-bot?r=2qF)

This is a starting point for Rust solutions to the
["Build Your Own Kafka" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/kafka).

In this challenge, you'll build a toy Kafka clone that's capable of accepting
and responding to APIVersions & Fetch API requests. You'll also learn about
encoding and decoding messages using the Kafka wire protocol. You'll also learn
about handling the network protocol, event loops, TCP sockets and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your Kafka implementation is in `src/main.rs`. Study and
uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

That's all!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `cargo (1.54)` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your Kafka broker, which is implemented in
   `src/main.rs`. This command compiles your Rust project, so it might be slow
   the first time you run it. Subsequent runs will be fast.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

进度记录：
2024-11-3 01:13:44：<https://app.codecrafters.io/courses/kafka/stages/nc5> 开始准备挑战

Commit message:

feat(架构设计): 实现 ResponseWorker trait 和工厂方法
- 新增 ResponseWorker trait，用于处理不同类型的响应
- 实现 ApiVersionsWorker 和 CommonResponseBuilder，作为 ResponseWorker 的具体实现
- 添加 response_worker_factory 函数，根据请求类型创建相应的 ResponseWorker
- 更新 Responeser 结构，使用 ResponseWorker trait 对象处理响应
- 重构部分代码，以适应新的架构设计

README.md, after:

# Kafka Challenge

this is my rust project for kafka challenge~~~

if you have any questions, please feel free to take an issue.
<!-- 
This is a starting point for Rust solutions to the
["Build Your Own Kafka" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/kafka).

In this challenge, you'll build a toy Kafka clone that's capable of accepting
and responding to APIVersions & Fetch API requests. You'll also learn about
encoding and decoding messages using the Kafka wire protocol. You'll also learn
about handling the network protocol, event loops, TCP sockets and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your Kafka implementation is in `src/main.rs`. Study and
uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

That's all!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `cargo (1.54)` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your Kafka broker, which is implemented in
   `src/main.rs`. This command compiles your Rust project, so it might be slow
   the first time you run it. Subsequent runs will be fast.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

进度记录：
2024-11-3 01:13:44：<https://app.codecrafters.io/courses/kafka/stages/nc5> 开始准备挑战 
2024年11月6日00:43:01 trait实例化报错，待研究：https://kaisery.github.io/trpl-zh-cn/ch10-02-traits.html 、 https://rust.bootcss.com/ch17-02-trait-objects.html 相关内容
-->
